Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the bottom sheds.
Okay, now, outside the single square view and within the scaffold, we are going to say bottom shed.
And what we want to do is over year, we are going to have three buttons.
One is going to be for the store icon, the other is going to be for the shopping carts.
And the third is going to be for the hard to cut button.
Okay.
Now, with what I just explained, you can see this theory.
Buttons are going to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Right.
So for this purpose, we are going to be using a row widget.
And as you know, a row can take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed horizontally.
So it has these children.
And the first chart is going to be an icon button because as well the icon is going to be clickable.
Okay, this is a function and for the icon, it's going to take in the icon widget.
And this is going to be icons.
Icons dot store.
Okay store.
Okay.
Are you trying to hide your chain of command and use control and has to save and go check it out?
You're going to see the wire.
Okay, Cisco.
And now we can just copy this.
And so.
Copy this.
Hold your cucumber and paste.
This is going to be icons.
Dot shopping.
Chopin on the score cards.
Okay.
How did your newcomer and use control and has the save and go check it out.
Since Q and for the heart to cut.
But then what we can do we can go to the cut screen.
And you can see we have this button for the checkout.
So what we can just do is you can copy this.
It ends over here.
Use concurrency to copy and head back to the product detail screen and.
I'm just going to use Contra and B and how hard you're trying to cover and then paste.
Then it's it'll check out.
This is going to say hard.
To.
Class.
Okay to cut.
Okay.
Sorry.
Just control and save now and check it out.
Okay.
You gonna sit over here?
And what we can do instead of block, we can use maybe close the sign.
Each country needs to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
I think his way to round it.
We can just make this f 15 comma.
And we check it out.
Okay.
This is okay.
And now what we can do is within the rule, we can then say Assess alignment, main, assess alignment.
The space between.
Okay.
It's going to be coming out.
And you can see we have no space.
So what we can then do is we can wrap this rule with a pardon.
Pardon?
Of maybe ten years control to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Cisco.
I think ten is way too much.
We can just go with AIDS.
Okay.
Same.
Cool.
Right.
Okay.
To cut and.
You're just going to use a capital letter for this?
Okay.
Sounds cool.
Looking very, very nice.
And you can just check this out for another product and maybe from the women's category.
Okay.
This.
Cisco.
Okay, guys.